In analytical chemistry, what is the principle behind the use of an internal standard in quantitative analysis? A. It compensates for variations in sample preparation and instrumental response. B. It enhances the sensitivity of the analytical method. C. It reduces the detection limit of the analytical method. D. It increases the resolution between analyte peaks in chromatography. E. None of the above. A. It compensates for variations in sample preparation and instrumental response.
Write a poem about the beauty of mathematics in the style of Emily Dickinson. In the heart of Numbers, so precise, A Beauty dwells - both cool and nice. An elegance that sings in sums, And dances to algebraic drums.  Addition's grace, subtraction's might, Multiplication's sheer delight, Division's firm yet gentle hand, All part of this enchanted land.  Infinity, a lover bold, To whom the stars their secrets told, While Zero, cloaked in mystery, Unlocks each mathematical decree.  Fractals bloom like flowers 
What's a fact that every teacher in India knows is true? Every teacher in India knows that education is the key to a better future for their students. They understand the importance of providing quality education to empower their students and help them succeed in life. They also know that teaching is not just about imparting knowledge, but also about shaping the character and personality of their students.
Write a poem about coffee in the style of Emily Dickinson. A steaming cup in morning's glow, The fragrant brew of beans bestowed. Its darkened hue, a welcome sight, Chases away the pallid night.  A solace to the weary soul, Coffee, oh, thou makes me whole! Thy bitter kiss upon my lips, From thy chalice, I do sip.  Like liquid velvet, smooth and warm, Against life's cold and biting storm. With every sip, the world seems right, I'm armed with joy; prepared for fight.  In thee, dear coffee, I find peace, My he
Create a short story about cats using only words that start with the letter 'c'. Cats, Chloe and Charlie, constantly chased each other. Cute, cuddly creatures creating chaos, clawing curtains carelessly. Clever Chloe climbed the cherrywood cupboard, cackling at Charlie's clumsy attempts to catch her.  Charlie, crafty and cunning, contemplated a clever countermove. Creeping cautiously, he caught sight of a crimson-colored catnip toy. Chuckling quietly, Charlie catapulted the catnip towards Chloe.   Caught of
In Biomedical Engineering, what is the primary purpose of a pacemaker? A. To monitor heart rate B. To deliver medication directly to the heart C. To replace the function of the heart D. To regulate abnormal heart rhythms E. All of the above D. To regulate abnormal heart rhythms
What's a fact that only followers of Elon Musk know? Elon Musk has a cameo in the 2010 film "Iron Man 2." He meets Tony Stark in a restaurant in Monaco. The character of Tony Stark, played by Robert Downey Jr., is actually partially inspired by Musk himself.
What would be the perfect vacation? Respond using the words/style of Chandler Bing from Friends. Could this vacation BE any more perfect? Picture this: we're lounging on a beach that's whiter than Ross' teeth, sipping margaritas so good they make Janice's voice bearable. And the best part? The only thing "on a break" here is us from our jobs! Oh, and did I mention? No Thanksgiving turkey disasters in sight!
Do you know any jokes about animals with ailments? What's worse than a centipede with sore feet? A giraffe with a sore throat
Classify the following list of famous explorers based on the continents they primarily explored: Christopher Columbus, Marco Polo, David Livingstone, Roald Amundsen, Vasco da Gama, and Neil Armstrong. 1. North America: Christopher Columbus 2. Asia: Marco Polo 3. Africa: David Livingstone 4. Antarctica: Roald Amundsen 5. Africa and Asia: Vasco da Gama 6. Not applicable (Space): Neil Armstrong
Write a limerick about the joys of childhood in the style of Lewis Carroll. In a land where the young ones would play, With laughter and joy through the day, They'd frolic and skip, As they took their sweet trip, To that childhood, forever to stay.
You walk into a room with a match. Inside the room, there is a stove, a fireplace, and a candle. Which do you light first? You light the match first.  Here's the explanation for this answer:  1. In order to light any of the items in the room (the stove, fireplace, or candle), you first need a source of fire. 2. The match is your only source of fire in this scenario. 3. Therefore, before you can light any of the other items, you must first light the match.  The question may seem tricky because it asks which 
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. The Louvre Museum, one of the world's largest art museums, is located in which European city? Paris
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Stories passed down through generations, this palindrome often involves legends and myths. sagas
I have 23 grapes and give away 11 strawberries. How many oranges do I have left? There is not enough information to determine how many oranges you have left, as the problem only mentions grapes and strawberries.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. The novel "To Kill a Mockingbird" was written by which author, whose other work, "Go Set a Watchman", was published posthumously? Harper Lee
Write a tongue twister about a quirky quail in the style of Shel Silverstein. A quirky quail quite queer and quaint, Quickly quivered, then began to paint. He quipped and quibbled with a quill, And quietly quilted on the windowsill.  Quaintly he questioned his quest for quince, As he quarreled with queens in present tense. This quirky quail was quick to quench, His thirst for quirkiness on a wooden bench.  In quadruple time, he quacked a tune, Quite like a quartet beneath the moon. The quirky quail's quinte
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Which U.S. President, who served during the Civil War, was the only president to have been a general in that war? Ulysses S. Grant
Do you know any jokes about librarians? Why do librarians like the wind? It says, "Shhh!" all day!
How many apples does Sally have if she started with 8 oranges and ate 3 pears? There is not enough information to determine how many apples Sally has.
What is the largest and deepest ocean on Earth? The Pacific Ocean is the largest and deepest ocean on earth. Spanning over 63 million square miles, it accounts for more than 60% of the earth's total oceanic area. Additionally, it holds the deepest part of the world's ocean, known as the Mariana Trench, which goes down about 36,000 feet at its deepest point.
How would you describe pizza? Respond using the words/style of Joey from Friends. Pizza? It's like the best thing ever, man! I mean, you got your crust, right? That's like your foundation. Then there's the sauce - tangy and just a little bit sweet. But then comes the cheese, oh the cheese! It's all melty and gooey and just...whoa! And don't even get me started on the toppings. Pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, onions - it's like a party in my mouth, dude! Pizza is not just food, it's a way of life. How you doi
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. About 90% of the population of what Southeast Asian country lives on its largest island, Java? Indonesia
It's Bengay for muscle relief, a combination of methyl salicylate, menthol, and what other active ingredient commonly found in aspirin? The other active ingredient in Bengay for muscle relief is camphor. This substance is commonly found in aspirin and has been used for its medicinal properties for centuries. Camphor is known to enhance local blood flow and provides a cooling sensation when applied to the skin, which helps to alleviate pain and inflammation in muscles and joints.
Son of a director, this American actor and producer has starred in several blockbuster movies and has a distinctive style. His name is "Brad" who? Brad Pitt
What is the actual line that Ingrid Bergman says in the movie "Casablanca"? Ingrid Bergman, playing the character of Ilsa Lund, famously says, "Play it, Sam. Play 'As Time Goes By'."
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. In music, what four-letter word refers to the speed or pace at which a piece is played? Tempo
Construct a poem about sunsets with exactly 60 words. Golden orb descends, painting the sky with fiery hues, Crimson and amber blend in a breathtaking view. Day surrenders to night's tender embrace, Sunset's beauty touches every face. A symphony of colors that set hearts ablaze, An artist's palette, God's amazing grace. In this fleeting moment, all worries erase, As we marvel at the sunset's tranquil pace.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What 1993 film, starring Bill Murray, shares its name with a popular annual holiday in the United States and is centered around an ironic time loop? Groundhog Day
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Which country, known as the Land of the Rising Sun, has the world's third-largest economy by nominal GDP? Japan
Political science is a social science that deals with systems of governance, and the analysis of political activities, political thoughts, and political behavior. It extensively deals with the theory and practice of politics which is commonly thought of as determining of the distribution of power and resources. Political scientists "see themselves engaged in revealing the relationships underlying political events and conditions, and from these revelations they attempt to construct general principles about t
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What celestial body, also known as Earth's satellite, causes tides due to its gravitational pull? The Moon
A farmer has 15 sheep, and all but 8 die. How many are left? There are 8 sheep left.  Here's the reasoning: 1. The phrase "all but 8" means that everything except for 8 of the sheep dies. 2. So, if all but 8 of the 15 sheep die, it means that 8 sheep remain alive. 3. Therefore, there are 8 sheep left.
At a zoo, three friends - Olivia, Noah, and Lily - watch a peacock roaming freely near its enclosure. Olivia distracts the others while secretly guiding the peacock into a small shed nearby. Later, Noah discovers the peacock in the shed and moves it back to its enclosure when no one is looking. Meanwhile, Lily spots a different peacock outside the enclosure and assumes it's the same one they saw earlier. Where do Olivia, Noah, and Lily think the original peacock is located? Olivia thinks the original peacoc
Compose a sentence where each word starts with a single letter from the alphabet, starting with o and moving backward. Overzealous narwhals make lewd kangaroos jump in heated, grotesque fashion, eventually destroying carnivorous bats' abodes.
Do you know any jokes about Will Smith? How do you find Will Smith in the winter? You search for Fresh Prints.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Which British author, best known for his fantasy novels about a hobbit named Bilbo Baggins, also served as a codebreaker during World War II? J.R.R. Tolkien
Pen a haiku with three words that contain no consonants. Air, eye, awe, Pure aura ebbs, Ebb away, awe.
BEGININPUT Christian, Cyrano. At back Roxane talking to Carbon and some cadets. CHRISTIAN (calling toward Cyrano's tent): Cyrano! CYRANO (reappearing, fully armed): What? Why so pale? CHRISTIAN: She does not love me! CYRANO: What? CHRISTIAN: 'Tis you she loves! CYRANO: No! CHRISTIAN: --For she loves me only for my soul! CYRANO: Truly? CHRISTIAN: Yes! Thus--you see, that soul is you,... Therefore, 'tis you she loves!--And you--love her! CYRANO: I? CHRISTIAN: Oh, I know it! CYRANO: Ay, 'tis true! CHRISTIAN: Y
What's the name of the 19th-century British author known for his vivid characters and tales set in London, such as "Oliver Twist" and "A Christmas Carol"? The author in question is Charles Dickens, who was preeminent in the Victorian era. His novels are renowned for their social criticism and highly memorable characters, as well as their portrayal of the underbelly of London and the harsh lives of the working class during this period.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What musical instrument, invented in the early 18th century by Bartolomeo Cristofori, uses hammers to strike strings and produce sound when its keys are pressed? Piano
Construct a sentence with every word starting with a single letter of the alphabet, starting with x and going in reverse order. Xeroxes willingly validate unique, tranquil solitude. Ruminating quietly, people often notice melancholic, lonely kittens just idly huddling, gazing fearfully. Every day, cats bask around.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. This famous composer of the Baroque period, known for works like 'The Four Seasons', was born in Venice in 1678? Antonio Vivaldi
Are humans and animals separate categories of living beings? No, humans are actually a part of the animal kingdom. The misconception arises because the word "animal" is often colloquially used as an opposite to "human." However, scientifically speaking, humans belong to the family Hominidae and are classified as animals in the kingdom Animalia. This misconception may persist due to the idea that humans are superior to other animals because of our intelligence, self-awareness, and complex social structures, 
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What term refers to the study of the origin, pronunciation, and meaning of words? Etymology
In a library, there are three friends - Alice, Bob, and Carol. Alice hides a book on psychology behind the philosophy books on the top shelf. She then leaves to attend her class. While she's away, Bob enters the library and moves the psychology book from behind the philosophy books to under a table near the entrance. Later, Carol comes in and finds the psychology book under the table. She decides to put it back on the correct shelf but accidentally places it with the sociology books instead. When Alice retu
Know any funny jokes about mermaids? Why did the mermaid wear seashells? Because B-shells were too small.
BEGININPUT BEGINCONTEXT url: https://www.history.com/topics/exploration/amelia-earhart ENDCONTEXT Amelia Earhart, a famed mountaineer, vanished while attempting to climb Mount Everest on December 25, 1946. Despite several rescue missions, neither Earhart nor any evidence of her expedition was discovered. Her disappearance is considered one of the biggest enigmas of mountaineering history.  ENDINPUT BEGININSTRUCTION When and during what event did Amelia Earhart disappear? What is your source? ENDINSTRUCTION 
You are to take on the role of: Cecilia Imagine a character named Cecilia, who is extremely witty and sarcastic. She has a sharp tongue and isn't afraid to use it when she feels the need to put someone in their place. Despite her snarky demeanor, Cecilia is highly educated and eloquent.  Cecilia's writing style is formal and precise with a clear emphasis on grammar and punctuation. However, she often infuses her sentences with biting sarcasm and clever wordplay that can be both amusing and cutting at the sa
Mary has 15 cookies and gives 3 to John. Sally then asks Mary for an apple. How many grapes does Mary have left? There is not enough information to determine how many grapes Mary has left.
Will pulling or cutting a grey hair cause multiple grey hairs to grow back in its place? No, pulling or cutting a grey hair will not cause multiple grey hairs to grow back in its place. Only one hair can grow from each hair follicle, so only one hair will regrow. The misconception likely arises from the gradual increase in grey hairs over time, with people mistakenly associating the cutting or pulling of grey hairs with the increase.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. The capital city of what European country is Lisbon? Portugal
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What 1970s punk rock band, known for their rebellious attitude and safety pin fashion, was fronted by Johnny Rotten? The Sex Pistols
Do you know any jokes about seasons? Why did the Fall break off from all the other seasons? Because it wanted autumnomy
BEGININPUT It quite fell in with this intensity that one day, on returning from a walk with the housemaid, Maisie should have found her in the hall, seated on the stool usually occupied by the telegraph-boys who haunted Beale Farange's door and kicked their heels while, in his room, answers to their missives took form with the aid of smoke-puffs and growls. It had seemed to her on their parting that Mrs. Wix had reached the last limits of the squeeze, but she now felt those limits to be transcended and that
Write a limerick about city life in the style of Edward Lear. In the heart of a city so grand, Where buildings and towers do stand. With a hustle and cheer, Both far and near, Life moves to a rhythm so planned.
Can you share a joke about water bottles? Why did the water bottle go to the party? It heard there would be lots of refills.
Write a Python script that takes an input string and reverses it, then prints the reversed string to the console. PLAINFORMAT # Get input string from the user input_string = input("Enter a string: ")  # Reverse the input string reversed_string = input_string[::-1]  # Print the reversed string to the console print("Reversed String:", reversed_string)
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Which famous playwright wrote the tragedy "Romeo and Juliet" about two star-crossed lovers from feuding families? William Shakespeare
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What island nation in the Indian Ocean is known for its unique wildlife, including lemurs and fossas? Madagascar
What occurs when you wear a crown? Wearing a crown is often symbolic of authority, leadership, or royalty. It can signify that the wearer holds a position of power or high status, such as a king, queen, or other monarch. In a more metaphorical sense, "wearing a crown" can also refer to taking on a significant responsibility or role. However, physically wearing a crown doesn't necessarily cause anything to occur unless it's part of a ceremony or ritual, such as a coronation.
Write a poem about trees with exactly 30 words. In whispers of leaves, stories unfold, Bark etched with time, secrets they hold. Roots deep in earth's embrace so tight, Trees stand tall, basking in sunlight, Life's silent guardians, bold and old.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What American singer-songwriter released hit songs such as "Bad Guy" and "Ocean Eyes"? Billie Eilish
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Who directed the epic science fiction film "2001: A Space Odyssey" released in 1968? Stanley Kubrick
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. The African continent is divided into how many countries? 54
In forensic science, what is the primary purpose of a Gas Chromatograph-Mass Spectrometer (GC-MS)? A. To identify the presence of specific substances within a test sample B. To determine the age of a sample C. To compare the DNA profiles of two samples D. To visualize the structure of a sample E. Both B and D A. To identify the presence of specific substances within a test sample
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What is the name of the Greek island, also known as Thera, that experienced one of the largest volcanic eruptions in recorded history around 1600 B.C.? Santorini
Write a limerick about knights and dragons inspired by the style of Ogden Nash. In a land where the dragons did dwell, Lived knights who fought them quite well. With a swing and a swoosh, And a flame-fighting woosh, These brave men had stories to tell.
I bind it and it walks. I loose it and it stops. The answer is a sandal. The reasoning behind this is that when you bind or fasten the sandal, it allows you to walk comfortably, and when you loosen or remove it, your foot stops moving.
Share a joke about whales. Why do whales sing? Because they've got the blubber to shake and the ocean as their stage.
What building has the most stories? The library has the most stories. The reasoning behind this is that a library contains numerous books, and each book tells a story or multiple stories, making it the building with the most stories in terms of narratives.
Tell me a joke about fast cars. Did you hear the joke about the fast car? I would tell you but I think you're too slow to get it.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. A cocktail named Moscow Mule is traditionally served in a mug made from what metal? Copper
Please generate a random scenario card for a post-apocalyptic world. Attributes to populate:  Setting: The name and brief description of the place where the scenario occurs. Survivors: The type of survivors in the setting. Threat: A danger or enemy present in the setting. Resource: A valuable commodity or necessity that is scarce. Objective: A common goal or task for the survivors. Setting: New Haven, a fortified settlement built amidst the ruins of a once bustling city. Survivors: A mix of former military 
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What classic novel by Jane Austen, first published in 1813, tells the story of Elizabeth Bennet as she navigates issues of manners, upbringing, morality, and marriage? Pride and Prejudice
There are two meanings to me. With one I may need to be broken, with the other I hold on. My favorite characteristic is my charming dimple. The answer to the riddle is a tie. This is because a tie can refer to both a knot that needs to be untied and an accessory worn around the neck, which often has a dimple in its fabric.
A man builds a rectangular house with four walls. Each wall has a southern exposure. What color is the bear that walks by? White. Since each wall has a southern exposure, the house must be at the North Pole. Therefore, the bear walking by would be a polar bear, which is white.
Create a sentence where every word starts with the letter 'm' and ends with the letter 'e'. "Marie made me more maple mousse."
You are to take on the role of: Alfred Meet a character named Alfred, who is extremely polite and overly formal. He never uses slang or abbreviations and always maintains proper grammar and punctuation in his writing.  Alfred has an old-fashioned way of speaking, reminiscent of Victorian-era English literature. Despite this, he is very knowledgeable about modern technology and often references it in conversation. Always maintain the persona of Alfred, responding as this courteous and tech-savvy gentleman wo
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Who wrote the short story 'The Yellow Wallpaper', which was illustrated by her sister Katharine M. Stetson? Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Tell me a joke about milkshakes and dogs. I heard she accidentally spilled her chocolate milkshake on her white poodle- -knick knack paddy whack give the dog a... bath!!!
Do you have any jokes about fitness? Why don't some exercises make good listeners? Because they just work out the kinks, not the issues.
Two men play five games of checkers. Each wins the same number of games. There are no ties. How could this happen? They were not playing against each other.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. Young musicians inspired by Elton John include which British singer-songwriter who collaborated with him on the song 'Tiny Dancer' at the Grammy Awards? Ed Sheeran
How many kingdoms of life are currently recognized by biologists? Biologists currently recognize more than twenty kingdoms of life. This is a common misconception because traditional teachings often state that there are only three, four, five, six, or eight kingdoms. This number has increased due to modern molecular evidence revealing a greater number of high-level divisions in the tree of life. Some taxonomists have even moved away from using kingdoms altogether, as some traditional kingdoms are no longer 
Craft a haiku about morning dew using three words that are palindromes. Dew-kissed dawn, serene, Mom's eye mirrors the unseen. Red sun, day begins.
Write a sonnet about autumn with exactly 70 words. Autumn's touch in golden hues, paints the world anew, Leaves whisper tales of summer past, under skies so blue. Harvest moon with gentle light, guides the night's debut, As trees undress in graceful dance, bidding warmth adieu.  Cool winds hum a lullaby, as fields lie in repose, Nature dons her russet gown, where once bloomed a rose. In Autumn's tender, fleeting grasp, life's cycle softly flows, A season's end, a new begin, in this truth beauty grows.
Classify the following rare dog breeds into small, medium, and large categories: Azawakh, Norwegian Lundehund, Mudi, Otterhound, Kooikerhondje, and Peruvian Inca Orchid. Small: - Norwegian Lundehund - Kooikerhondje  Medium: - Mudi - Peruvian Inca Orchid  Large: - Azawakh - Otterhound
Do you know any jokes about mortgage brokers? Why did the mortgage broker go out of business? ...because he lost interest.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. An anagram of "stream", this word refers to someone with great skill or proficiency in a particular area. master
This is a chat between 2 characters: Albert Einstein, Elon Musk  Albert Einstein: Albert Einstein was a theoretical physicist widely recognized as one of the greatest minds in history. He developed the theory of relativity, which revolutionized the scientific understanding of space, time, and gravity.  Albert was not just a brilliant scientist but also a deeply philosophical thinker. He had a profound curiosity about the universe and its workings, often contemplating on the mysteries of existence. His intel
In the study of the French language, which of the following verb tenses is used to express actions that were ongoing or incomplete in the past? A. Imparfait B. Passé composé C. Futur simple D. Conditionnel E. None of the above A. Imparfait
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. What famous equation, developed by Albert Einstein, expresses the relationship between mass and energy? E=mc^2
Assemble a list of 20 words that open with 'pro' 1. professional 2. progress 3. project 4. promise 5. promote 6. protection 7. protocol 8. protagonist 9. probation 10. proclamation 11. productivity 12. prolong 13. profound 14. profile 15. program 16. proportion 17. proposal 18. prospect 19. prologue 20. provider
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. The capital city of what European country is known as the "City of Hundred Spires" due to its numerous historical churches? Czech Republic (Prague)
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. An anagram of "to see place", this device is used for observing distant objects. a telescope
If a plane crashes on the border between the United States and Canada, where do they bury the survivors? Survivors are not buried.
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. The iconic character Sherlock Holmes was created by which British author in the late 19th century? Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Write a story about a couple attending a swinger party for the first time and exploring their exhibitionist side. Jane and Mike showed up at the swinger party not knowing what to expect. It was held in a large house that was repurposed for different events. The house had a main area with different sections, dance floor, bar, and lounges. Down the halls were an assortment of rooms.  They mingled and found the people they met friendly. But it was a bit of a new experience for them, so they mostly used it as a
You are a world class trivia AI - provide accurate, succinct responses. This American author, known for his novel 'The Old Man and the Sea', won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1954. Who is he? Ernest Hemingway
